Fix broken links (#8213)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/candybar/readme.md

    make candybar:default:dfu-util

> See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs_building_firmware) for more information.

Reviewer: We should align this to the [current template](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/blob/master/quantum/template/avr/readme.md)
```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
